Enhance pull request instructions with detailed steps (#41)
panglesd/diffcessible: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contributing Guidelines

- **Commit Messages:** Use concise and descriptive commit messages. This helps with the project's history and review process.
- **Pull Requests:** Before submitting a pull request, make sure your code complies with the project's standards and passes all tests.. This process involves two key steps:

>   1. **Code Formatting:** Use `dune fmt` to automatically format your code according to the project's style guidelines. This command will apply the formatting rules defined in the `.ocamlformat` configuration file, ensuring consistency across the project.

Reviewer: The text a bit too long and repeats `dune fmt` twice. Is it necessary to talk about `.ocamlformat` files ?

Author: Truly, there is need to talk about `.ocamlformat` here.
I will remove unnecessary information here to aid clarity.

Thank you.

      To run this command, navigate to the root directory of your project in your terminal and execute:
       
            dune fmt
      

>       **Note:** You will need `ocamlformat=0.26.1` installed to format your code correctly. If you haven't installed it yet, you can do so by running:

Reviewer: That's how it's called in Opam:

```suggestion
      **Note:** You will need `ocamlformat.0.26.1` installed to format your code correctly. If you haven't installed it yet, you can do so by running:
```

          
          opam install ocamlformat.0.26.1
      

>       To learn more about `dune fmt`, check out the Man page [here](https://www.mankier.com/1/dune-fmt), or run `man dune fmt` on your terminal.

Reviewer: The man page is not very interesting as it contains very little documentation and a lot of unrelated options. The documentation is better: https://dune.readthedocs.io/en/stable/howto/formatting.html#running-the-formatters

Author: Thanks for this.

>   2.  **Running Tests:** After formatting your code, run `dune runtest` to execute the project's test suite. This command will compile and run all tests to verify that your changes do not introduce any regressions.

Reviewer: Same as above, could you make this section shorter ?

Author: Absolutely, I will get right to it.

      To run this command, navigate to the root directory of your project in your terminal and execute:
       
            dune runtest
      

>       To learn more about `dune runtest`, check out the Man page [here](https://www.mankier.com/1/dune-runtest), or run `man dune runtest` on your terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      To learn more about `dune runtest`, check out the Man page [here](https://dune.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tests.html#running-tests), or run `man dune runtest` on your terminal.
```

Author: This is very helpful.
Thank you.
